Better description of caching for run-sys-tests (#207)
GoogleCloudPlatform/oozie-to-airflow: CONTRIBUTING.md

        Sets up autocomplete for run-sys-tests
```

### Caching latest used parameters by run-sys-test

You do not need to specify the parameters once you run the script with your chosen flags.
The latest parameters used are stored and cached locally in .ENVIRONMENT_NAME files in
[.run-sys-test-cache-dir](.run-sys-test-cache-dir) and used next time when you run the script.

> In case you want to cleanup the cache, simply remove all the files from that directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to clean up the cache, simply remove all the files from that directory.
```
